Add 2g3 to MBLD (#72)
CarterKoala/wca-regulations-wrc: wca-regulations.md

    - 2e3) Competitors who have no citizenship may compete as "Stateless".
- 2f) Competitors must obey venue rules and conduct themselves in a considerate manner.
- 2g) Competitors must remain quiet when inside the designated competition area. Talking is permitted, but must be kept at a reasonable level, and away from competitors who are actively competing.

>     - 2g3) Competitors in a group in progress must not communicate with other competitors in the group about the scrambled states of the group, unless all such competitors are not eligible for any further attempts in the group. Penalty: disqualification of the competitor(s) from the event, at the discretion of the WCA Delegate. Exception: For competitors of 3x3x3 Fewest Moves and Multi-Blind Solving that have finished their attempt may share the scramble sequence with anyone who is not actively competing in the relevant attempt.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - 2g3) Competitors in a group in progress must not communicate with other competitors in the group about the scrambled states of the group, unless all such competitors are not eligible for any further attempts in the group. Penalty: disqualification of the competitor(s) from the event, at the discretion of the WCA Delegate. Exception: For 3x3x3 Fewest Moves and 3x3x3 Multi-Blind, competitors that have finished their attempt may share the scramble sequence(s) with anyone who is not actively competing in the relevant attempt.
```
Keeps wording consistent. 

I still have yet to see a rebuttal to my point about people starting at different times in the Slack thread, and for that reason I cannot currently support this proposal

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - 2g3) Competitors in a group in progress must not communicate with other competitors in the group about the scrambled states of the group, unless all such competitors are not eligible for any further attempts in the group. Penalty: disqualification of the competitor(s) from the event, at the discretion of the WCA Delegate. Exception: For 3x3x3 Fewest Moves and 3x3x3 Multi-Blind, competitors that have finished their attempt may share and discuss the scramble sequence(s) with other competitors in the group who have either finished their attempt or declined to start their attempt.
```
How about this? The exception doesn't need to cover "anyone" because that's not how the base reg is phrased, so we can word it more specifically to make sure that competitors who haven't yet started their attempt aren't included.
